at Ultra digital printing and signs we
invest in what counts high-end printing
technology to serve our customer to the
fullest we have the largest format
fastest printing and highest quality
equipment available this makes large
complicated jobs easy to produce for
pickup the very next day our digital
coffee errs are fast amazing quality and
can run the thickest of stocks our color
machine can run 80 full-color copies in
under a minute we have three in-house
full-time graphic designers and will
work with you to create your direct mail
piece from concept to completion
printing folding bundling as well as
postal walk forms and delivery to Canada
Post during our daily postal draw we
stitch hole punch and edge trim all in
one process saving time and cost to the
customer spiral binding is done in-house
for that quick and clean presentation
look our flatbed printer is ideal for
affordable large format printing like
campaign ads Direction arrows real
estate signs and leave-behinds for the
trades for as little as three dollars
each you get a professional full-color
sign on your choice of plastic wood or
metal and we even provide the
installation printed vinyl is an
everyday need for most businesses this
versatile product is used for fade and
tear proof stickers vehicle decals
window stickers signs light boxes and so
much more laser engraving is the perfect
way to put your logo right on your
product we execute laser engraving for
everything from product tags name badges
to wine glasses and awards we print
t-shirts from 1 to 1000 for everything
from bachelorette parties to the Fun Run
Car Show shirts are our specialty we can
put your logo on anything from our
famous 16 point laminated
stationary presentation folders
brochures your fleet of vehicles pens
the boom on your crane the windows of
your store the roll-up banner in your
lobby and even the uniform you're
wearing at ultra digital printing and
signs we care about being fast being
efficient and saving our customers money